{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Adventure - They had an adventure in the jungle.\
{\listtext	2.	}Magical - The magician performed a magical trick.\
{\listtext	3.	}Fantastic - The fireworks were fantastic!\
{\listtext	4.	}Discover - They found treasures on the beach.\
{\listtext	5.	}Hilarious - The joke was hilarious!\
{\listtext	6.	}Mysterious - They found a mysterious key.\
{\listtext	7.	}Curious - The cat was curious.\
{\listtext	8.	}Friendly - The dog was friendly.\
{\listtext	9.	}Delicious - The cake was delicious!\
{\listtext	10.	}Colorful - The garden was colorful.\
{\listtext	11.	}Creative - She made a creative painting.\
{\listtext	12.	}Imagine - Imagine flying like a bird.\
{\listtext	13.	}Explore - They explored the forest.\
{\listtext	14.	}Cheerful - The song was cheerful.\
{\listtext	15.	}Unique - She wore a unique necklace.\
{\listtext	16.	}Playful - The puppies were playful.\
{\listtext	17.	}Celebrate - They celebrated a birthday.\
{\listtext	18.	}Surprise - He planned a surprise party.\
{\listtext	19.	}Laugh - Everyone laughed.\
{\listtext	20.	}Dream - She had a dream.\
{\listtext	21.	}Brave - The knight was brave.\
{\listtext	22.	}Friendship - They had a strong friendship.\
{\listtext	23.	}Learn - They learned new words.\
{\listtext	24.	}Play - Children love to play.\
{\listtext	25.	}Teamwork - They worked as a team.\
{\listtext	26.	}Caring - She cared for her friend.\
{\listtext	27.	}Gratitude - They expressed gratitude.\
{\listtext	28.	}Wisdom - The owl was wise.\
{\listtext	29.	}Growth - They experienced growth.\
{\listtext	30.	}Culture - They learned about different cultures.\
}